
Fashion- Blog
1. Michelle, 25, who works in PR,  sees the blog re-tweeted from a link from twitter. She is into fashion and likes to keep aware of the latest trend and looks for different ideas for new style tips. She would also like links to new stores online places where she can find the latest fashions.
She would like to see pictures from the latest fashion shows, a “look for less” postings, fashion events, lots of different pictures and videos would keep her on the site for longer. Also a personal video diary would encourage her to keep coming back.

2.  Molly, 23, just moved to NYC and does not know much about dressing in style or anything about fashion. She is a from a small that now works for a non-profit that helps underprivileged kids in the city. She finds dressing for work in the city difficult and wants some ideas on how to shop in the big city.

She would like a guide to how to dress for her body type and clothes that are easy to accessorize and do not take a lot of time to prep in the morning because of her busy schedule. Pictures and lists would make it easy for her to find the information in an easy way. Also if they were other pages for quick access to simple tips on deals and sales it would make her come back frequently to see if there was anything new.


Portfolio-Designer and Programmer
1.	Jim, A hiring manager for a small tech firm, that received a resume through on indeed. He is trying to fill a position for a designer/ui developer. He has a very close-nit team so he needs to make sure that the person he hires is a good fit with everyone else.
He want to see a resume and also portfolio of his work. Having an integrated twitter feed would help give personality and also some personal Also, some kind of personal anecdote would give them an insight to his personality and to see if he would be a good fit on their team.

2. A clinic is looking for free lance work on their website. They want someone who has a lot of experience and know how to give clients a professional looks and feel.

They would have links to his resume and a portfolio of his past sites. Also if he had testimonials from clients it would make them feel more comfortable with their decision to hire him. Having a step-through guide to the process of how they handle their clients cases would make they feel more in the loop about what to expect.



Shop-sells sandwiches and imported meats, cheeses and other food from italy and france
1 A 35 year old woman, Jenny, is having a bridal shower party that needs to be catered. She would like a variety of different sandwiches and other appetizers to feed even the pickiest of eater and those with allergies. She wants a full menu and to see what the policies are for delivery and pickup   
She would need a full menu with different options and pricing packages, Also general catering information like delivery, minimum size of the party, how much time they need in advance and other details would give her a better idea of their services. They could also have season deals and 
specials of what they would recommend based on the time of year. 

2.	Loris.26. is a grad student from Italy that misses the comforts from back home. He wants to find a place that has food and other imported products from home for a dinner party that he is having and also to enjoy when he is feeling homesick.

A like of all the different products they offer and where they come from. Also specials and deals of the week would let him know what is on sale because he is on  budget. Information on different pairings of food and weekly recipes would keep him interested in  the site. 

